== YouTube Provider 0.1

=== Summary
YouTube Provider is an implementation of the Providers module. It takes a YouTube user's username, makes an API call to get that user's uploads (https://developers.google.com/youtube/2.0/developers_guide_protocol_video_feeds#User_Uploaded_Videos), and creates nodes for each uploaded video returned from the API call.

=== Installation
1) Download and enable the Providers module(https://drupal.org/sandbox/jtrost/2049659).
2) Enable this module.
3) Extract youtube_video_content_type.rar into your modules directory and enable it.

=== Usage
* Navigate to Structure > Providers (/admin/structure/providers/)
* Click 'add' in the YouTube Provider row
* Create the new provider.
Title :: The title of the provider.
Username :: The username of the YouTube user whose uploads you want to import.
Max Results :: The maximum number of items to return with each API call(https://developers.google.com/youtube/2.0/reference?csw=1#max-resultssp).
Start Index :: The position in the user's upload history to begin importing items(https://developers.google.com/youtube/2.0/reference?csw=1#start-indexsp).
Content Type :: The content type to use when creating nodes. Select 'YouTube Video', which is the content type created in step 3 of installation.
Node Author :: The user who will be shown as the node author.
* Click 'Save'. This will save the provider and redirect you to that provider's page (/provider/pid)
* You can click the 'Update' tab to import new items. A success message will display how many videos were creates and updated. Updates will also run with cron, and messages will be stored in the watchdog table.